next time I introduce you try a little
eye contact and next time don't refer to
me as your son the half-baked writer you
shouldn't need my approval to write
everyone needs approval job like my wife
to get on the extension no I'm on this
isn't some great big fat joke it's a
real Oh
welcome to Stockholm we are so delighted
to have you here
that came across some of your stories in
the college journal beautifully written
Joe had a very heavy hand as a teacher
he encouraged you to keep writing a
writer writes because he has something
personal to say you write with
intelligence but you're detached the
characters are supposed to be detached
especially the mother my wife doesn't
write thank God
otherwise I'd suffer permanent writer's
block don't ever think that you can get
their approval
who's the men the ones who decide who
gets to be taken seriously a writer has
to write write has to be read honey
I am aware of Joe's various
indiscretions his affairs have nothing
to do with you
that's a deep-seated fear of inadequacy
don't paint me as a victim I am much
more interesting than that
no walk away from me damn it I can't do
it anymore I can't take it I can't take
the humiliation
what are we doing John will not bear
people I think you are sick and tired
Oh Joe Castle I would like to convey to
you the warm congratulations of the
Swedish Academy we have reinvented the
very nature of story tell me about
yourself we have an occupation thank you
tell me what is those
I am a kingmaker
[Music]